Copyright 2021 University of Stuttgart

SOFTWARE LICENCE
================

1. SOFTWARE LICENCE AGREEMENT

1.1 This Software Licence Agreement (the "Licence") is a legal agreement between
you, the end-user, and Cambridge Quantum Computing Limited ("CQC"). By
downloading, accessing, copying or using the pytket python module (version
0.10.0) in source or compiled form, with or without any sub-packages in source or
compiled form (collectively, the "Software"), you are agreeing to be bound by
the terms of this Licence, which permits both commercial and non-commercial use
of the Software. If you do not agree to the terms of this Licence, do not
download, access, copy or use the Software.

2. GRANT OF LICENCE

2.1 In consideration of your agreement to abide by the terms of this Licence,
CQC grants to you a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, gratuity-free,
worldwide right to use the Software for both commercial and non-commercial
purposes. You have no ownership or proprietary rights in or to the Software.

2.2 You may install and use the Software only in accordance with the terms of
this Licence.

2.3 You are permitted to make, own, and commercialise derivative works that you
create from the Software.

3. PROHIBITED USES

3.1 You are not permitted (nor may you direct anyone else on your behalf), for
money or other consideration, to rent, sell, lease, sublicense, transfer, offer
for sale, distribute, redistribute, copy, disclose or use, the Software itself
or any part thereof. Any sublicense or transfer of the Licence by you shall be
on identical terms as set out herein provided the sublicensee or transferee has
agreed to adhere to the terms and conditions of this Licence.

3.2 You shall not disassemble, de-compile, reverse engineer, nor attempt to
discover any CQC compiled binary executable component of the Software.

3.3 You agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations.

3.4 You shall not use the Software in any manner or in any derivative work that
discredits or brings disrepute to CQC.

4. FEEDBACK

4.1 To the extent you provide CQC any suggestions, recommendations, data or
feedback in connection with this Licence ("Feedback"), you agree that CQC may
store and use such Feedback free of payment for any purpose.

5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

5.1 In regards to i) your derivative works (to the extent it contains the
Software) and ii) the Software itself, you acknowledge that all intellectual
property rights, including copyrights, in the Software itself throughout the
world belong to CQC, that rights in the Software itself are licensed (not sold)
to you, and that you do not have now or in the future any intellectual property
rights in, or to, the Software itself other than the right to use the Software
strictly in accordance with the terms of this Licence.

5.2 You acknowledge that you have no right to access any source code of the
Software except to the extent permitted in this Licence.

5.3 Certain parts of the source code of the Software in compiled form may be
derived from third party open source software, which you may be licensed to use
independently under the associated open source licence. A list of those parts
and the applicable licences and attributions are provided at
https://cqcl.github.io/pytket/build/html/opensource.html.

5.4 Except as otherwise permitted in this Licence, you have no rights to use any
CQC registered or unregistered trademarks nor any CQC intellectual property
rights.

6. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

6.1 If the Software is used to create or is incorporated in any derivative
works, you agree to acknowledge the same by displaying 'CQC Tket' thereon and on
related user manuals and materials.

6.2 You must not remove, minimise, block, or modify any notices regarding CQC or
its suppliers where they appear. You further agree to ensure that the notice in
the preceding sentence appears in all copies of the Software and any related
user guides or materials.

7. NO WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR INDEMNITIES

7.1 This Software is provided on an "AS IS" basis. You acknowledge that the
Software is still under development by CQC and that it is experimental and that,
to the fullest extent of the law, all warranties, guarantees or indemnities are
excluded, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability,
accuracy, completeness, quality and fitness for a particular purpose. You
acknowledge that the Software has not been developed to meet your individual
requirements and that CQC does not represent or warrant that the use of the
Software will be uninterrupted or error-free. In respect of these exclusions,
you may have other rights which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

7.2 You agree to include on any product or services created with or
incorporating the Software, the same disclaimers in 7.1 above, and the same
"limitation of liability" notice in 8.1 below, for the attention of end-users of
such products and services.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

8.1 To the maximum extent permitted by law, CQC will not be liable to you under
any legal theory (including any contract, negligence or tort theory) for any
losses or damages which may be suffered by you directly or indirectly. By way of
example, CQC shall have no liability for special damage, incidental damage,
consequential damage, loss of profits, loss of anticipated savings, loss of
business opportunity, loss of goodwill, or loss or corruption of data. Some
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain categories of
damage, so part or all of the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you
in your jurisdiction.

9. YOUR REPRESENTATION AND INDEMNITY

9.1 You represent and warrant that your use of the Software will not be unlawful
or illegal and you agree that any use with third party software or services will
comply with the requirements of that third party. You agree not to use the
Software in any applications, or derivative work which may result in death or
injury. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless CQC and its affiliates against
any claims, suits, actions, liabilities, losses, costs or damage suffered by CQC
and any of its affiliates now and in the future as a result of your use of the
Software, or creation of derivative work, in breach of the terms of this
Licence.

10. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS

10.1 In the event of any breach under this Licence, all CQC's rights are
reserved.


11. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

11.1 This Licence shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the
laws of England and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English
courts for any disputes regarding it. Copyright and other proprietary matters
will be governed by the relevant applicable national laws and international
treaties.

12. MISCELLANEOUS

12.1 This Licence constitutes the entire agreement between you and CQC with
regard to its subject matter.

12.2 If you are using the Software on behalf of an entity, whether a company,
academic institution or other organisation, you are agreeing to this Licence
jointly on behalf of yourself and such entity, and you represent and warrant
that you and such entity are legally entitled to do so, and references to â€˜you'
in this Licence shall be construed accordingly, and to include any person using
the Software on behalf of such entity.

12.3 The Software may be used by you or any other users you authorise to use
the Software ('Permitted User') in compliance with the terms and conditions of
this Licence. You will be jointly responsible for any breach of the Licence by
any Permitted User.

12.4 This Licence does not give rise to any rights under the Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this Licence.

12.5 If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to
do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of
your breach of this contract, you agree that it will not mean that you do not
have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you and,
at our discretion, any such company, academic institution or other organisation
you are acting on behalf of, at a later date.

12.6 Each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately. If any court
or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining
paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.